The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah. Right. If you're stuck in some
hole city, and it's just your whole,
neighborhood's filled with dumies and there's no prospects and there's lead in
the water. You got Flint, Michigan water. You're drinking. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
they're still haven't fixed that people, if you drink bottled water in Flint,
Michigan. Yeah. In 2019. Yep. Like how,
how they do they not have, how did they let that ever get to that point?
Like at all the things you need? Well, what do we need to stay alive?
Number one. Water. Okay. Let's ignore that. Let's ignore that. And, uh,
work on the cracks in the streets. Let's ignore that and, uh,
have new traffic lights <affirmative> that, uh,
have cameras on 'em to bust you so we can get more revenue.
Let's make sure we hire parking 10. What about the water? We can get to that.
We'll get to that water. Yeah. Well.
It's, it's my new phrase for, uh, you know, our situation cause capitalism,
cause the current version of capitalism, I.
Said, capitalism, I don't even well know enough about economics.
I mean, I, it's not really, it's more just like a philosophical.
But do you have capitalism with regulation so that you make sure that there's no
pollution? You make sure that people yes. Don't,
don't get away with environmental disasters. Of course.
And aren't we also going on the momentum of decisions that were made a long time
ago? Like a lot of this stuff,
like a lot of these minds that pollute everywhere, uh, uh,
pollute, um, environments, wherever they're like. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They kind of made those when environment environmental laws were different,
right?
Yeah. For sure. I mean,
environmentalism was it wasn't really a thing until like the mid
19 hundreds, I guess. So like, like, uh, Roosevelt,
like was like a huge like environmental mm groovy dude. But uh,
the idea of preserving swaths of land and like considering the environment when
growing an economy simultaneously. Yeah. Like that just, that just stopped.
Like there's like some national parks stuff and maybe some things passed with
like ozone, some lead stuff, some mercury stuff, you know,
kind of common sense, really hardcore. That should definitely like no brainers,
those have been done, but anything else,
making sure that that balance is there as the economy grows, just doesn't exist.
It's just the way capitalism is right now. It's like it doesn't,
that's not considered a valid value. There's the more,
in fact the more scarce it becomes the higher in value. It is. So it's,
so it's in its own best interest to continue to grow and grow and grow until it
can't grow anymore.
Jesus freaking out, man.
So, so that's why decisions like that are made in my, in my mind. Well.
Decisions that impact the will wilderness and impact in the environment.
Like did you ever see that movie? Gasland no great documentary on fracking.
Oh wow. Really crazy. Um, what is the director's name? Josh.
Fox Brolin. No.
Are you sure it's a different guy, bro? No, there's no way. No,
there's a different guy. There's no way, but it's an amazing documentary.
And Josh Fox, Josh Fox. I did. I got it. Thank Josh Fox. Um, it's really good.
Really, really good documentary. It's is Joe Fox. He's a, a guy who,
who made the film. Yeah,
he's the he and he was inspired by a personal
experience with uh, wasn't it, do you remember the actual story? Jamie? Yeah.
Like personal experience with some pollutants or something like that in the
river, but got into anyway,
made this amazing documentary and watching people dismiss.
Some of the stuff in documentary was so, so surreal. Oh yeah.
They were lighting their tap water on fire. And I dunno if you saw that,
but I did see that. Yeah. That's crazy.
People literally were saying you could do that before the fracking. That's not,
it's not because of the fracking. Wow. People were saying that like, okay,
let's assume that's true. Let's just get crazy and assume that's true. Yeah.
Their water is on fire.
That's the last that should be on fire is the they used to put out fire. Yeah.
If you God waters on fire. Yeah.
Do you know how much has to be in your water for it to be on fire? Okay.
What's going on here and why are you so sure that this didn't come from fracking
and that you could always let your water on fire and now you're telling us yeah.
Like you didn't make videos about this before,
before there was a fracking thing. Yeah. Show me a video that, yeah, let me see.
Are you sure? That would be interesting.
Are you really sure that there's have you tested the water? Are you a scientist?
Are you sitting over there with a lab coat and a check sheet? Yeah.
Making sure that the,
the toxin levels are exactly the same before and after fracking. No, you're not,
but why are you so interested? There's a thing that people do with their,
like really interested in the interests of big business. And they want to like,
they, they get and regular people who,
who don't even have a financial stake in that business will make up excuses for
the business. I.
Know. It's crazy. Yeah. What is that? It's fear.
It's just fear of losing jobs.
Like people like losing jobs or losing the thing that keeps their, their bills.
Paid. It's also like that. No nonsense. Right? Wing mindset.
There's like a no nonsense right? Wing mindset.
Oh these tree hungers God tree huggers. Oh yeah.
Trying to stop us from making a good living. You want those people to be poor.
Yeah. You want those people to,
you ever see the look on a poor coal miners' face. Yeah. Yeah.
You know what I mean? There's that thing that they do. Yes. At no nonsense.
So they want to go with anything that's like good for the economy,
but bad for the environment. Exactly. Which, which is crazy.
It's because you never, you have to factor in the other,
the additional costs of how much it's gonna cost to fix what you did.
And if you ever can fix what you did and if you can't fix what you did through
the environment, how much should that cost? Cause if you could, like,
if you decide like, Hey, I'm gonna pull copper out of this hole in the ground,
but it might kill a million salmon.
Like you imagine how much a in salmon would be worth.
You're gonna kill a whole population of salmon. How much is that worth?
Like if you ruin fishing for all the people that want to come to this one salmon
river. Yeah. You kill a million fish. Like how much is that worth?
That's that should be worth a billion dollars. Yeah.
You should get fined a billion dollars if not more. Yeah.
But you can't even fix that.
That's what I'm, that's what I'm saying. That's that's what the,
that value that it has no value. Well, the thing is it's also.
It's ours. Like the poisoning is our.
Stuff. I know. That's what I mean. It's like the earth,
it's just the worst because it's like, it does not, it's just a, not,
it's not a part of the equation for growing the economy. That's like,
and I know there's gonna be people listening that are like,
just know about this hardcore.
I'm just approaching it from like an over kind of philosophical,
energetic viewpoint.
Right, right, right. We're.
Being hippies. Yeah. We're being like kind of, I don't know,
weirdo hippy-ish we don't even stone know what the we're saying. We're stoners.
So have.
You ever seen some of the image of the mining that they do?
The images of the mining they to do in, um, Northern Canada?
Like Northern Alberta? No dude.
It's like some hellscape. It's crazy.
Cause like there's a giant industry of oil mining up there. Yeah.
And all kinds of mining. Yeah. And Northern Canada,
a lot of folks that go up there and they do shifts, but I mean,
you're talking unbelievably brutal, ruthlessly cold.
Occasionally people get jacked by bears. Yeah. Like really they're,
they're living, they're living with monsters,
just outside the gates on some nights watch type deal where they're trying to
suck oil outta the ground. And I mean,
there's so much of it up there and it's such a big part of the economy that you
have these giant like AER views of these, this,
these places that are just Foxville. Oh, wow man.
Here's here's one of 'em the one that I saw was much more horrific cuz it
involved the lake. So what does it say? Photos, fame photographer. Alex.
McLean's new photo of Canada's oil sands are shocking. Yeah.
I mean it's creepy. It's I mean, but there was nothing there. Anyway,
the idea is like, Hey,
if it's just flat like that or it's ugly because we have holes in,
in oils coming outta the holes who gives a. No, one's up here. Right?
Like I get it. I get that mindset. We got jobs. Everyone has jobs and it's true.
It's a great job to have. They make a lot of money. You meet those dudes.
They come to a lot of shows. When you do in Canada,
they have a name for 'em like, like really rich or oil worker. Yeah. It's.
Royal. It's real, real rich oil worker fellows. <laugh> that?
That's that is the nicknames.
They're drilling these giant. That's one that I saw. You see the water all up.
It's all filled with oil and. Oh my.
Lords. Yeah.
That's a, that's a water man that the water's.
Oh wow.
Yeah. It's it's it's funny. All of the,
all of the issues that all of the imbalances are completely solvable.
There's like there is no deficit. We don't have a deficit, um,
in what it would take to just make good decisions that make life really
nice for most people on the planet.
I think a lot of managing has to be done because there's a lot of stuff that has
unintended consequences and moving pieces affect all the moving pieces around
them. Of course.
I think that's one of the things that people are really bad at predicting.
That's why I was saying like, yeah, you know,
how much is it worth to be able to get copper out of a hole in the ground,
it's gonna poison a river and kill a bunch of fish. How much is that worth?
Yeah. You know, it's like,
these people have this sense that like you make
one decision and it only affects that thing,
but it doesn't affects a lot of things that are connected to that thing. Yeah.
It also affects the way P people feel. If you do something,
like kill a million fish, people get bummed out. Like that's real.
It affects the way they interact with other people. Yeah. You know,
when you read something really up on the news, you're like, God.
And so you leave your house like that. You leave your house,
like God and two people that have that God. And then they,
they get upset at each other for something that wouldn't before. Yeah.
Because they're just thinking there's a bunch of pedophiles out there and a
bunch of monsters and a bunch of murderers and a bunch of people pouring oil
into the ocean. Yeah. I know it's a bummer.
It changes when people do up things, it changes how we feel about people.